Revamp walkthrough (roughly halfway) (#1386)
argoproj-labs/hera: docs/walk-through/steps.md

# Steps

> Steps are simple way to sequentially run a series of templates. They can also be run in parallel, and conditionally by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps are a simple way to sequentially run a series of templates. They can also be run in parallel, and conditionally by
```

            echo(name="goodbye", arguments={"message": "Goodbye world!"})
    ```

=== "YAML"

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
    kind: Workflow
    metadata:
      generateName: hello-world-steps-
    spec:
      entrypoint: steps
      templates:
      - name: steps
        steps:
        - - name: hello
            template: echo
            arguments:
              parameters:
              - name: message
                value: Hello world!
        - - name: goodbye
            template: echo
            arguments:
              parameters:
              - name: message
                value: Goodbye world!
      - name: echo
        inputs:
          parameters:
          - name: message
        script:
          image: python:3.9
          source: |-
            import os
            import sys
            sys.path.append(os.getcwd())
            import json
            try: message = json.loads(r'''{{inputs.parameters.message}}''')
            except: message = r'''{{inputs.parameters.message}}'''  

            print(message)
          command:
          - python
    ```

## Parallel Steps

> You can run multiple Steps in parallel by creating a sub-context under a `Steps` context manager by using the Steps's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run multiple Steps in parallel by creating a sub-context under a `Steps` context manager using its
```

</details>

> For more about `when` clauses, see the [Conditionals](conditionals.md) walkthrough page!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more about `when` clauses, see the [Conditionals](conditionals.md) walkthrough page.
```
